This app is a collection of currently available Black Desert Online classes and their weapon costs in in-game currency pulled from the market API. The app uses code from html, css, javascript, and AJAX. BDO_CLASS_APP allows for a visually fun way to get live updates for current costs of items for any class that the user is interested in

The approach I took for this app was to first structure everything in my html and get a visual backdrop to work with. From there I used AJAX to be able to bring in market data from the API for each of the class' modals. I then went on to try to write as much of the code to function dynamically which involved coming up with ways to pull IDs of elements off a click and then feeding information tied to that ID into both my API to retrieve data as well as plug and play in the rest of my javascript code. Everything functions off of the IDs of the class cards. Further information that was not available to get through my API, I constructed a library myself to hold and reference for my own code. This included things like images, item codes for the API, as well as youtube links. This allowed me to write only 1 modal for 19 classes that would continuously strip and fill with the information relevant to the class card clicked. Once the functionality of the app was doing what I had intended, I began to play with styling and incorporating as many interesting effects as I could think of without overdoing it. This started with going grayscale on my class cards and adding a coloring effect to my mouse-over events just to give the site a litte more life. From there it just grew and I added varything other things to resizing icons, animations for the modal, and tying up loose ends by making sure the site was compatible with all platforms through the use of media queries.

Link: https://yang-rich.github.io/BDO_CLASS_APP/

Some unsolved problems include how to create more sophisticated modal animations as seen on some example online as well as creating 2 divs layered directly on top of each other to use for a "loading screen" type experience where div1 would be showing until the modal finishes loading from the API, and then switching to div2 that contained the API.